Hello, everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
I was surfing the net earlier,
And found that I was featured in a Yahoo News article!
Here it is!
“Babumi”
(“Motherly Love” mistaken for “Economy Bubble”)
Is something I didn’t understand well before,
But I don’t think it quite applies me
I don’t think I’m the type
A.I.Channel
Yay!!
Is everybody bubblin’??
Like, OMG, I’m totally gonna get that
Sugar daddy to take me out for sushi in Ginza!
sugar daddy to take me out for sushi in Ginza!
Ahhh
Girl, he’s not goin’ for it
So we gotta call a taxi!
Girl, he’s not goin’ for it,
so we gotta call a taxi
We gotta drop a bill!
We gotta drop a bill
Ah
Everybody’s flashin’ bills so
It’s gonna havta be like half a grand!
It’s gonna havta be like half a grand
Before we hit up Maharaja again tomorrow
[ Upscale club in Roppongi, Tokyo ]
My boy toy’s
Gotta get us some glam
From Chanel and Hermes
My boy toy’s gotta get us some glam
from Chanel and Hermes
Whatev!
Lates!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by aerophage, myriadcandles, tototo, Loserbait
[Keep watching]
Yeah
When people see this
They’re totally gonna feel “babumi” huh!
Hehe
Huh?
You mean “babumi”
Isn’t like “economic bubble”??